so today afternoon starting at the horse
and jockey at kirbridge in Hampshire
I don't think this is a humble I think
it's kirbridge Creek which joins the
humble and sure why in the woods that
way so the National Trust own some of
the land to the east of the handle
another sunny day great to be in the
woods where's sunny the light is so
special I think this tree falling in the
woods made a noise if anyone was here or
not
so this is still the creek about to join
hamble the creek and the river still
titled all the way up what mrs. far as
botley i think so the tide is out as you
can see
dear fairies it's my birthday tomorrow I
can't wait I'm going to be 7 i'm looking
forward to opening my presence love and
hugs there's this little box quite a bit
of cash in it understand and spider
they're fairies I really like to come
and visit you and I hope you like the
things I give you that from Bethany
all you need to make wishes at our tree
is to close your eyes and think your
wish for it to come true you must
believe in Pixies elves and fairies
we're glad you liked our tree and hope
you are enjoying the beautiful flowers
of our woodland now we've added pixie
now this is a wonderful path River
getting wider and they were the other
side is the park or was out last week
some very late daffodils the end of may
I think that must be it for the national
trust land that I'm going to check out
the map see where I can continue on with
a pillow down the lane road for half
kilometres and lots of many around here
you
as far as i can tell this tweet am rich
man's village has been built over the
footpath I wanted to take and now I'm
lost in some kind of hell of housing
estates and footpaths between them I
think another way out anything is I no
longer know where I am crochet 2 foot
pass I'm going to try this one well
still lost think that must be bollywood
over there a walk for another day so I
think I'm headed back to kirbridge now
gots these Meadows back into the woods
which is quite a relief is what they but
I don't know which would say
wiklund all the way back to kirbridge
so
and back along the main road to where
group again